dr. Washburn how you doing today listen
Ned you would never know where i can get
some uh yeah even if I did do you really
think I'd tell you it's been hard week
yeah yeah here you go officer hey thanks
man Wow hey I'm Ned hey let me go early
July one most cooperative inmate for
months running God net just showed up
you said your door was always open I
gotta get back to work on the tongue Yin
what it's a cross-pollination between a
tomato and onion think of the time it'll
say when you're making spaghetti sauce
he's family can't just turn my back on
him for no reason
what did u haul I need to find it I
never wanted in here feeling the kids
heads with stupidity check it out can't
one of you just take him please what's
wrong with my sister she's pretty but
she's bossy tell me exactly what he said
he said that your personality gets in
the way of your looks your very good
looks dude do you have tourettes she's
open to pretty much anyone she even
slept with our cousin once our idiot
brother just ruined my freaking life
I like to think that if you put your
trust out there I mean if you really
give people the benefit of the doubt
either best intentions may be whole just
people will rise to the occasion you
know I think it's a really good way to
live your life
if I could love something but as much as
Ned love everything you will be such a
bitch and you wouldn't be such a slut
who's the man yeah the man yes
now I try and do good
I just screw it up top of it all I broke
down smoke to the kid to lose across the
street from me okay I didn't just hear
that let's how it broke down I went
smarter the kid who lives across the
street from me you don't tell your
parole officer that you just got high oh
can you forget I said that